Spaghetti Recipe:

How to Make the Best Italian Meatballs:
Combine bread pieces with 2/3 cup water and set aside 5 min then mash with a fork.
In a large mixing bowl add: 1 lb ground beef, 1 lb sausage, 1/4 cup parmesan, 4 minced garlic cloves, 1 tsp salt, 1/2 tsp black pepper, 1 egg and mashed bread crumbs. Mix until well combined.
Form into 1 1/2" meatballs (about a flat ice cream scoop of meat). Dredge/roll meatballs in flour, dusting off excess. Heat a deep, large, heavy skillet or a Dutch oven over medium heat with about 3 Tbsp oil. Add meatballs in 2 batches without crowding the pan and saute until browned on all sides (about 6 min total or 2 min per side). Remove meatballs and set aside (don't worry about cooking through at this point).

How to Make Easy Marinara Sauce:
In the same skillet over medium heat, add more oil if needed and saute 1 cup chopped onion stirring often until soft and golden (5 min). Add 4 cloves minced garlic and stir 1-2 min until fragrant.

Stir in 2 cans of crushed tomatoes and 2 bay leaves. Bring to a light boil (stir to make sure it's actually boiling and not just sending bubbles to the surface).
Add meatballs back into the pan with tomato sauce, partially cover with lid or cover with a splatter screen to reduce splatter and cook at a gentle simmer for 30 min, turning the meatballs occasionally. Meatballs will be tender and sauce will be thickened. Five minutes before sauce is done, stir in chopped fresh basil and season with salt and pepper to taste.

How to Make Spaghetti and Meatballs:
Cook pasta according to package instructions until aldente (or to desired doneness), drain and return to the empty pot.

Pour sauce and meatballs over spaghetti and toss gently to combine. To serve family-style, transfer to a large platter, garnish with parmesan cheese and fresh basil and serve hot.


Oven baked potatoes recipe

1. Cut potatoes into 1″ to 1 1/2″ pieces. We didn’t cut the really tiny taters. Place them in a large pot half full with warm water. Bring potatoes to a boil and cook for 7-9 minutes (they should be almost cooked) Drain, cover to keep warm, and set aside.  2. In a small bowl, mix together 2 Tbsp olive oil, 2 pressed garlic cloves, 1 1/2 tsp dry parsley, 1 tsp sea salt (or 3/4 tsp table salt) and 1/2 tsp black pepper.  3. Gently Toss potatoes with the seasoning mix until evenly coated (it helps to use a large mixing bowl for tossing). 4. Transfer potatoes to a large rimmed, non-stick baking pan and place cut side down. Bake at 425°F for 20 minutes or until  the sides facing the pan are golden. Transfer to a serving bowl, garnish with chopped fresh dill if desired and serve.			
			
Caprese Salad

1. Start by layering slices of tomatoes on a serving platter. Tuck slices of cheese between each tomato so both are visible then tuck whole basil leaves between the cheese and tomatoes. Arrange the slices so you can see every layer.
2. Season generously with salt and pepper, drizzle all over with extra virgin olive oil, and drizzle with 2 Tbsp balsamic glaze or add it to taste.


Baked Salmon

1. Preheat oven to 450˚F and line a rimmed baking sheet with silpat or foil. Slice salmon into 4 portions and arrange them on a lined baking sheet, skin-side-down.
2. In a small bowl, combine: 2 Tbsp parsley, 2-3 pressed cloves garlic, 2 Tbsp oil and 2 Tbsp lemon juice, 1/2 Tbsp Dijon, 1/2 tsp salt, and 1/8 tsp pepper.
3. Generously spread the marinade over the top and sides of the salmon then top each piece with a slice of lemon.
4. Bake at 450°F for 12-15 min or until just cooked through and flaky. Don't over-cook.

Egg Muffin

1. Preheat Oven to 375˚F. Oil a 12-count non-stick muffin tin, or preferably line with silicone muffin liners.
Place a large non-stick skillet over medium heat and sauté 6 oz bacon until browned (6-8 min). Transfer to a plate. Discard excess oil keeping 2-3 Tbsp in the pan. In the same pan, sauté finely chopped onion until softened (2 min).
3. Meanwhile grate potato on the large holes of a box grater. Use your  hands to squeeze out as much water as you can from potatoes then pat dry with paper towels. Once onions are softened, add grated potato to the skillet with onions. Sauté stirring a few times until potatoes are golden and nearly cooked through (7 mins). Remove from heat and let cool slightly.
4. In a medium bowl, whisk together 8 eggs, 1/2 cup half and half and 2 tsp Tabasco sauce. Stir in sautéed potatoes, chopped spinach and 1 cup cheese.
5. Distribute mixture evenly among a 12 count muffin tin. Sprinkle tops with bacon then top with remaining cheese. Bake at 375˚F for 22-23 min or until puffed and lightly browned and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out fairly clean. Cool a few minutes in the pan then serve.

			
			
			